README (hide-app-menu project)
Copyright 2020 Walter Davidson (https://www.waltershobby.net)
SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
SPDX-URL: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Description:

    'Hide app menu' is a lightweight GNOME (Linux Desktop) Extension that hides
    the application menu on the panel (top bar).  The GNOME developers have
    moved all of the functionality from the application menu to the main window
    of an application which is great because it consolidates features in one
    location, but they have elected to leave a nearly empty and useless
    application menu on the panel and jettisoned the option to remove it via
    the GNOME Tweaks tool.  Consequently, to restore the typically clean and
    uncluttered appearance of the GNOME Desktop Environment, an extension such
    as this one is required.

Contributing:

    Suggestions and bug reports from users, package maintainers,
    administrators, translators, and etc. can be posted at:

        https://github.com/walterdavidson/hide-app-menu/issues

    If posting a bug report, please include the following information:

        Linux distribution
        Linux distribution version
        GNOME version
        Installation method (extensions.gnome.org or manually)
        Description of the problem

    If posting a suggestion, please review the current description of the
    project to insure the suggestion is in keeping with the goal of the project
    as a whole.  If the suggestion is a code change, please also review all
    documentation and existing code.  In either case, open an issue with the
    link above.  Please note that a submitted issue is required prior to any
    software development either by the current maintainer or any contributor.

    During any communications with this project, only cordial and amenable
    posts will be accepted.  Certainly, you are free to present your case for
    why some issue should be resolved or why a change should occur, but as soon
    as it starts becoming argumentative, hateful, or tangential including
    political and etc. the outstanding issue will be closed and will not be
    considered any further.  If this behavior continues, other actions will be
    taken as necessary, such as being banned from working with the project.
    All decisions are final and are at the sole discretion of the current
    maintainer of this project.

    Keep in mind that this project was developed on a volunteer basis, and it
    is currently maintained by only one person.  Nonetheless, all bug reports
    and suggestions will be reviewed hopefully weekly, but due to scheduling
    issues it might take a little time for a response.  I appreciate your
    interest in the project and your patience, and I certainly hope that you
    have enjoyed using this extension.

Installation:

    Users:

        It is recommended to obtain this extension from extensions.gnome.org
        which typically uses an add-on to your FireFox browser.  If you
        wish to install this manually, download the files from
        https://github.com/walterdavidson/hide-app-menu and place them in the
        the following directory:

        ~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions/hide-app-menu@waltershobby.net

        Then, logout and log back in.  After that, you can use the GNOME Tweak
        tool to activate the extension.

    Package Maintainers, Developers, and Administrators:

        Depending on your Linux distribution, placing all of the files into a
        directory such as /usr/share/gnome-shell/extensions should make the
        extension available to all users on the system.  If you require the
        files to be placed in an administratively controlled location that does
        not conflict with preinstalled extensions; then, typically the
        directory to use would be /usr/local/share/gnome-shell/extensions.

Other useful tools:

    GNOME Tweaks

Maintainer:

    Walter Davidson (https://www.waltershobby.net).
